{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red110\green38\blue41;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Put checklists where they\'92re needed.
\b0  If you watched Fearless Felix jump from the edge of space, you probably noticed the checklists taped to the wall in front of him. He didn\'92t have them in a computer screen or on a mobile app; they were placed where he needed them at a specific time. I\'92m printing and taping some of mine as well. For things like my weekly review, I\'92ve copied and pasted my checklists onto my Google Calendar appointments. Others are text files in a Support folder on my desktop and a few more in Dropbox for those rare occasions where I do need to access them remotely.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Native tools for photos.
\b0  I\'92ve never been a fan of saving all my photos to Evernote, especially because all computers come with photo management software. I\'92m relying on iPhoto to keep things collected and also am backing up to a hard drive.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Book and blog notes offline.
\b0  This was totally unnecessary, carrying all my writing notes with me. I never reviewed any of them unless I was at a computer anyway so I\'92m keeping them where I actually use them.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Blog drafts in my blog.
\b0  Start in WordPress, end in WordPress.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Local project notes.
\b0  Local drive only. Folders for every project, notes included. No need to put my project plans in one place and files in another and it was never very secure putting some of those files in the cloud anyway. Funny how we carry all these devices with us that have all kinds of memory then freak out if we\'92re not on the cloud.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Paper notebooks for goals and lists.
\b0  I\'92m creating a special notebook for life lists, long-term plans, and basically anything I only look at periodically.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Tasks and projects in Things.
\b0  Though I\'92ve spent time using OmniFocus, I\'92m back to using Things for Mac/iPhone once again. I like having something bubble up my tasks into contexts, something I can\'92t do on paper without a lot of fuss and I don\'92t like carrying a lot in my pockets (paper notebooks would add to that).\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}iCloud notes.
\b0  Some lists are handy to keep with you and I\'92m using iCloud to manage those. As the week as gone on, I\'92ve found ways to even cut these out (see above).\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Voice memo for song ideas.
\b0  In case you\'92re not familiar, I\'92m a long-time {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.weszt.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 musician and songwriter}}. While I was recording my song ideas to Evernote, I\'92m now using a native iPhone app. Not great, but syncs just the same to the computer where I\'92ll be listening to them anyway.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Letting go.
\b0  This a big one. Just as I should in the real world, if I\'92ve not touched something in months, I\'92m just throwing it away. If it\'92s forgotten, I might be better off.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Dropbox for those few must-have files. 
\b0 Some files ARE worth keeping with you. I\'92m using Dropbox for those. Why not just use Evernote? Because I don\'92t want to be tempted by fixing formatting, adding tags, or adding to a backlog of crap I\'92ll just frustrate myself with.\
}